So you the bad There's Balli words. You're sure this is gonna happen With
ships under way on someone in the unit is gonna get some information
or someone that's in the family. It doesn't. Spouse, child parent,
etcetera. What happens if you have? The resource is on board. The
ship is big enough to get a chaplain. Always have chapel. Yeah, Okay.
Or you don't have that. Get the master. You did. The senior master
Chief of Command. You go with me to your party. But the team member
think about it and say we're here to help you. You know, we're gonna
fly you back. So there's a lot of resource is available, That's
what. Then you will need to know how we'll get into if you're in the
Philippines. How are you gonna get a man? Woman hold. Okay, Well, one
event happens. That's not the time to learn about. So when you got
a spare, our three days, but more yet pony report to look into that.
Why don't you make sure you know the ranks If something happens